Chart: Update Step Line demo description (#30699)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/StepLine/description.md

> The DevExtreme Chart component supports step line charts. To display a step line chart, set **series**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#type) to *"stepline"*. Step line charts connect points with vertical and horizontal lines that form a "stair step" effect. You can utilize the [StepLine](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/StepLineSeries/) series type to display data with discrete values.

Reviewer: We can shorten this paragraph. I am using this option as a basis: http://tw.devexpress.devx/documentation/guidelines/technical-writing-guidelines/demo-and-example-descriptions/#example-demo-description_1

```suggestion
Step line charts display data as points joined by horizontal and vertical line segments that form a step-like pattern. To create a step line chart, set the **series**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#type) property to *"stepline"*. 
```

As for discrete data, could you please explain what you were trying to say in a greater detail? For now it looks like a repetition to me.

Author: What I meant with "discrete data" is data with distinct separations between each point. Something a bit different from the traditional line and spline charts, where there's sort of a visual connection between points that is not present in a bar chart, for instance. Thinking about this now, perhaps this bit is unnecessary.
